dockerfile updated (#15)
bryntum/pdf-export-server: docs/building.md

            - server.key
        - chromium
            - {os}-{version}

In the `cert` folder you can place your security certificates when running the server as https.

## Known problems

1. PNG export doesn't work in WSL environment (see [details](#buildinginwsl) below).
2. WSL cannot properly build server for Windows (use Windows version of node to build it).

When encountering any problems on the build:

> - Check the requirements based on the used packages, like `nodejs -v` is 16+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the requirements based on the used packages, for example that `nodejs -v` is 16+.
```

- Delete the `node_modules` folder.

> - Delete the `cert` and `chromium` folders in the bin folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the `cert` and `chromium` folders in the `bin` folder.
```

> - Delete the server executables in the bin folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the server executables in the `bin` folder.
```

#### Node cannot rename certain file

> At some point during the build process you might see following exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At some point during the build process you might see the following exception:
```

    Error: EPERM: operation not permitted, rename

There is a similar [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/react-community/create-react-native-app/issues/191)

> which shows that multiple users experience this problem with antivirus software enabled. There might be a Windows
> Defender enabled on your machine and then disabling it fixes the issue. But disabling antivirus completely is not safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which shows that multiple users experience this problem with antivirus software enabled. Windows
Defender might be enabled on your machine, and then disabling it fixes the issue. But disabling antivirus completely is not safe.
```

> You might consider adding *node.exe* to the list of exceptions for your antivirus software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead we recommend adding *node.exe* to the list of exceptions for your antivirus software.
```
